Blunt
Crushing damage
Good at stunning and breaking. This might come from a club, hammer, or tail swipe, or impact with an object or the ground at high speed. It could cause bruising or leave a target with broken bones.

Keen
Cutting damage
Good at slicing and bleeding. This might come from a cutlass, claw, or sharp-edged leaf, and will likely leave wounds that need bandaging to prevent heavy blood loss.

Spike
Piercing damage
Good at penetrating and impaling. This might come from a spearhead, arrow, or bite, or high-speed impact with a sturdy branch at the wrong angle. Lasting damage to internal organs is a real possibility.

Hewing
Chopping damage
Good at splitting and breaking. This might come from an axe or the claws of a particularly powerful creature, and hewing injuries are likely to come in the form of lost limbs and bone breaks.

Serrated
Sawing damage
Good at ripping and tearing. This might come from a jagserry, sawtooth prow, or any other kind of serrated edge, and will leave ragged-edged wounds that scar prominently.

Toxin
Poison damage
Good at sickening and confusing. This might come from tainted food or plant venom, and will usually cause illnesses and short-term loss of senses.

Acid
Corrosive damage
Good at melting and searing. This might come from... well, acid (and other caustic or corrosive substances). It's likely to disfigure or blind, even if only temporarily, or dull and damage nerves.

Blast
Explosive damage
Good at stunning and shattering. This might come from gunshots, massive sounds, or the impact of nearby detonations, such as from cannon fire. Likely to leave a sufferer dazed, confused, deafened, and staggering, and can definitely break bones.

Volt
Electrical damage
Good at shocking and paralysing. This might come from lightning strikes or electrically charged weapons, and is likely to temporarily knock an individual out as well as leaving burns.

Frost
Cold damage
Good at slowing and freezing. This is most likely to be an environmental threat, caused by winter winds and exposure, but some creatures can manipulate cryonic glands as a weapon. Causes shivering, numbness, and invites future illnesses.

Salt
Crystalline damage
Good at drying and banishing. This might come from spirits or dessicants, and can leave weird and arcane complications or rough, tender skin.

Flame
Forbidden damage that burns, melts, and inspires fear
Comes from fire, or occasionally searing liquids.