BRACE
A skill of defence, hard-headedness, and immobility. Use Brace to weather the ravages of weather, exhaustion, and those that want to see you fall.

BREAK
A skill of fragments, shockwaves, and hammer-blows. Use Break to smash through stone, metal, and machinery, working against the efforts of civilization.

CONCOCT
A skill of reactions, essences, and deeper understanding. Use Concoct to collect or distill chemicals, and to unpick the mysteries surrounding the mutative potential of crezzerin.

COOK
A skill of spices and speculation, meats and fruits and heat. Use Cook to prepare meals, brew herbal drinks or alcohol, and render specimens into their most valuable parts.

DELVE
A skill of dust, remnants, and forgotten ways. Use Delve to explore the ruins of the old world, traversing barriers and unearthing secrets.

FLOURISH
A skill of showmanship, rhythm, and performance. Use Flourish to enchant, impress, or dazzle those around you, worming your way into their heart with words and deeds.

HACK
A skill of sweat, sap, and serrated blades. Use Hack to carve a path right through the wilderness of the rustling waves, imposing order on chaotic growth.

HARVEST
A skill of reaping, gleaning, and culling. Use Harvest to gather fruits, flowers, and other edibles from the wild waves, and to understand the flow and cycles of nature.

HUNT
A skill of observation, marksmanship, and precise action. Use Hunt to turn the tables on the sea's many predators, and pick the best of their trophies.

OUTWIT
A skill of shadows and secrets well-kept. Use Outwit to avoid threats, or to move them right to where you want them.

RATTLE
A skill of mending, maintenance, and adaptation. Use Rattle to weave oddments and salvage into workable equipment in a pinch, or to tinker with gear and objects.

SCAVENGE
A skill of searching, spit, and polish. Use Scavenge to root out valuable salvage from dross, to pick treasure from trash.

SENSE
A skill of glances, insight, and intuition. Use Sense to push your awareness of the world past its usual limits, both in terms of environmental awareness and social understanding.

STUDY
A skill of meticulous recording and focused investigation. Use Study to learn the import of details others would miss, make connections, and sort information.

SWAY
A skill of convincing, arguing, and capitulating with aplomb. Use Sway to convince others to act or hold back from acting, or to change hearts and minds to suit your purposes.

TEND
A skill of healing, sustenance, and recovery. Use Tend to heal injuries to the crew, nurture plants, and soothe the minds of both beasts and your fellow crewmates.

VAULT
A skill of dizzying heights and impressive acrobatics. Use Vault to climb, leap, and tumble your way through an environment at speed.

WAVEWALK
A skill of seared soles, brachiation, and animalistic elegance. Use Wavewalk to personally navigate the wilds without the use of a ship, despite the danger. 

