

Dawn to Dusk to Dawn 2-Track Trait
Immediately mark the first box on the Grow track of anything you plant under sunlight or moonlight (choose one when you take this trait).

Constant Gardener 3-Track Trait
When a plot would be damaged or destroyed (or otherwise negatively affected by the environment), burn to avoid this effect.

Perfectly Ripe 2-Track Trait
Crewmates treat disasters as conflicts when using specimens you've grown as part of a creation.

Soothing Harvester 3-Track Trait
Plants grown aboard your ship (or body) are immune to blight and sickness. Mark to improve the rarity of any plant-based specimen you acquire from plots.

Delicate Step 2-Track Trait
You disturb no leaves and leave no footprints. You gain resistance to the hazardous effects of crezzerin, and increase impact on actions taken to move through densely forested areas.

Green Mile 3-Track Trait
Once per journey, replace the results of a watch roll with the Peace outcome. If you finish a journey without using this option, remove a negative tag from any one plant growing on your ship.

Paradox Slug-Box 3-Track Gear
These slugs exude crezzer-neutralizing slime and resist all forms of alchemical experimentation. All plots you own are resistant to crezzerin-based damage or effects. Use a task to create a resource, Paradox Slime.

Sumptuous Seed-Bag 3-Track Gear
For a combination of hard graft and showing off. Use a task to create a seed-based specimen based on any plant currently growing within a plot (on your ship or person).

Misting Coppercan 2-Track Gear
You are almost impossible to detect for predatory plants of all kinds. In addition, whenever you would gain a plant specimen with a negative tag, you may mark mire to remove that tag entirely.

Vespin Almanac 4-Track Gear
Filled with scrawlings on wildfruit theories and hazardous farming techniques. Consume a whisper to add a positive tag to a growing plant, or voluntarily clear three boxes on a Grow track to gain a related whisper.

Portable Plot 3-Track Gear
You just have too many ideas for one deck to handle. You gain an extra plot, always attached to you, with 4/4 spaces for growing plants. You must add a growing medium to this plot for it to be effective.

Brute-Shovel 2-Track Gear
Deals CQ Hewing damage, and allows you to treat conflicts as triumphs when gathering plant-based specimens.

Ireful Pitchfork 2-Track Gear
Deals CQ Spike damage, and increases impact on actions taken to defend against or fend off hazards that would threaten the integrity of ship-borne plants.

Sabre-Nosed Bat 2-Track Companion
A voracious leather-winged protector, eager to defend your growing-plots. Deals LR Keen damage, and all plots you own are resistant to insect-based damage or effects.

Amblecotta Pot 2-Track Companion
A tottering, stylized pot filled with simple soil. You gain an extra plot, always nearby to you, with 4/4 spaces for growing plants. This companion counts as a full solution, both plot and medium combined.

